Fix migration guide to add Android Callback URL in `build.gradle` (#705)
auth0/react-native-auth0: MIGRATION_GUIDE.md

    - Run `npx expo prebuild --clean` (any manual changes to Android or iOS folders will be lost)
    - Add the new callback URL to Auth0 dashboard
- **If your project is built with Non Expo:**

  - To keep things as it is, set `useLegacyCallbackUrl` to true in `authorize` and `clearSession`
  - To migrate to new non-custom scheme flow, add the new callback URL to Auth0 dashboard

>   - Replace the manifest placeholders in your app's build.gradle file (typically at android/app/build.gradle) from:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Change the manifest placeholders in your app's build.gradle file (typically at android/app/build.gradle):
```

Replace + from reads a bit weird. I wanted to replace it with Replace+With, or Change+From, but given the below just mentioned Old and New, I guess we can just mention `Change`.
